Improve test strategy on claude.md (#11270)
DataDog/dd-trace-java: .claude/CLAUDE.md

## Claude Code workflow

- Before creating a pull request, run `/techdebt` to check for technical debt, code duplication, and unnecessary complexity in the branch changes.

> - When adding tests: always write JUnit 5 Java. If the target test file is `.groovy`, run `/migrate-groovy-to-java` on it first.

Reviewer: <!-- Suggestions are specific requests to improve the subject under review. It is assumed that we all want to do what's best, so these comments are never dismissed as “mere suggestions”, but are taken seriously.  -->
**🎯 suggestion:** ‏Use a more direct form to unsure executer. Add clarification about the skill itself.
```suggestion
- Always write new unit tests using JUnit 5 and Java. If the target test file is `.groovy`, run the `/migrate-groovy-to-java` skill on it first.
```

Author: Interesting since I used a skill to write that up so basically Claude wrote it up for itself

Reviewer: Keep in mind Claude is won't get things right. It just propose a bunch of changes you would have to evaluate if it ever makes sense or not... 🤷
